## Final Project Description

My final Data Visualization project is a shiny app based on a Major League Baseball data set. The overall goal of my shiny app is to allow users to select up to four Major League Baseball teams, a year between 1988 and 2011, the top slicing component, the bottom slicing component, and the theme of the entire shiny app page, in order to see the Top Salaries for Select Year and Teams and the Number of Players in MLB Positions.
	The bar graph at the top of app displays the top salaries of players from selected teams and years. Based on the slicing input components, the top salaries of the players rank the players with the highest salary to the lowest salary. The bottom slicing input for the salary plot allows users to select the number of players shown on the graph, whereas the top slice input allows users to select the top salary of that top number player until the bottom slice input. The bar graph at the bottom of the app displays the number of players in each position for the teams and years selected. The number of players in each Major League Baseball position is ranked from the most to the least. In the top right corner, there is also a theme customizer that allows users to choose a theme for the entire shiny app, change the main colors as well as the accent colors, and change the font size on the shiny app.
	The final project's shiny app is related to the concepts discussed in the first half of the semester in several ways. The final project is a shiny app based on a major topic covered in the data visualization class. This is also a public data set, demonstrating that posting this shiny app publicly is not unethical or risky. The colors used in the app for the graphs are ideal for users who struggle to understand color graphs. The graphs are simple to understand and contain a lot of useful information for users to learn about. Finally, in the top bar graph, I displayed the average salary of all the players to show the mean salary in comparison to all players shown.
	If I had more time, I would have let users select a range of years to look at top players from the teams they selected. I had attempted to make it before but ran into several issues that I did not have time to resolve. I also believe that if I had upgraded my code organization sooner, I would have had more time to create a more polished app. I would have also allowed users to drag their mouse over a salary bar graph bar to see what position the player plays in their top salaries.
